Satan,
the Devil,
Lucifer,
Prince of Darkness,
Yanluowang,
Belial,
Abaddon,
Beelzebub,
Prince of Darkness.
¶
Beelzebub,
Belial,
Abaddon,
Satan,
the Devil,
Lucifer,
Beelzebub,
Belial,
Prince of Darkness.
Good morning.
Neil!
Eh?
What? Too daring?
Not if you're daring people
to kick your ass.
It's called pea-cocking, bro.
Alright, females are attracted
to bright colours.
How's it--
How's it working so far?
You know, it's working well.
You've got to play
to your strengths.
Style and charm,
you know what I mean.
You should play to yours,
you should bust out
those panty dropping card tricks
that you never show anyone.
Girls don't like card tricks.
Are you kidding?
Of course they do.
No, they don't.
Yeah, they do.
Dude. According to Men's Health
females are 18 percent
more likely to sleep with a guy
after seeing a card trick.
Really?
Yeah,
May 2010. Look it up.
Hey gorgeous.
Gorgeous, would you like
to see a card trick?
Sure.
Alright, pick one
and don't show me.
Now tear it up.
Can I have that back.
Give it to him.
Is this your card?
No, not even close.
Check your bra.
What?
That's amazing,
how did you do that?
I can't tell you.
She's coming back...
Oh my god, it's working!
Listen, I'm having a party
at my house next weekend.
You should come.
That sounds amazing,
but I've got this
church thing so...
Church thing.
Church thing...
No, no, no, no, no.
Neil just gets exhausted
after a show,
you've got to give him
a break.
[bell ringing]
What?
What the hell was that, man,
church?
You're supposed to try to get
in her pants, you know,
not convert her.
I know, I blew it.
You at least touched
her boob.
I didn't.
Well, then how did you?
It was magic.
Are you magically touching
a boob right now?
Hey Denise, he just totally
felt up Cheryl.
Yeah, I know.
And so does Kent.
He's on a rampage,
you'd better hide your ass.
Oh shit, oh shit, hurry up.
Over here.
Oh fuck.
Oh shit.
Where is that little shit?
Uh, the, uh...
Neil!
Neil, yeah Neil is you
know Neil.
He put a card in
my girlfriends bra,
I'm going to tear him in half
like a phone book.
Open the door or
I'll put you through it.
No, no, don't.
Uh, alright man just alright.
Matt, fuck.
What the fuck are you doing
in there?
You jacking it?
Hey everyone, Neil's jerking
off in the closet,
what a fucking
gross little perv.
Eew!
Leave him alone, asshole.
Go.
Lets let him finish.
I don't know, wouldn't
you rather be sleeping in
on the weekends?
It's only an hour a week and
it makes our parents happy.
I fucking hate church,
so lame.
Come on, put your robe on.
Wait, wait.
In Nomina Satanas.
(All):  Hail Satan!
Hail Satan.
Hail Satan, and thank you Satan.
[slurps]
Brothers and sisters,
as the celebration of Astaroth
approaches
it is time to ask ourselves
why do we worship Satan?
Is it for the power he has
promised us?
Is it to be on
the winning side
at the final battle
of Armageddon?
The worship of Satan allows
us to eat freely
from the tree of knowledge,
of good and evil.
It gives us the freedom
to indulge our senses
in the pleasures of Earth,
Heaven and Hell.
Jesus Christ.
[whispers]
Blasphemy!
If we could have everybody's
undivided attention?
Thank you.
Where was I.
Side of truth.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters
the worship of Satan
is all of these things.
But most of all it is to be
on the side of the truth.
Let the scales fall
from your eyes
for God is the deceiver
and Satan is the salvation.
Soon we will perform the
celebration of Astaroth,
our young brother Neil will give
himself over completely
to our Lord to foil the accursed
forces of Heaven.
Hail Satan!
(All):  Hail Satan!
Bring forth the offering.
[bah, bah, bah, bah]
Aw, look at the goat.
Lord, please accept
this humble sacrifice.
I would totally trade places
with that goat right now.
As a token of our faith.
Just keep watching.
In Nomina Satanas!
And remember, this Wednesday
we're having a bake sale
to raise money for our bowling
team and also the star
of our upcoming celebration
of Astaroth ceremony,
Neil, is working
so hard to prepare.
Lets show him our support.
[applause]
Oh yeah.
Hey, so this talking
during church thing.
Pretty fun, is it?
Mom, Dad, listen.
No, no, no, no, no.
I can actually see how joking
and laughing
and embarrassing your family
you know instead of
paying attention to the sermon
could be a little entertaining.
Matt totally started it.
Okay, it's always Matt's
fault huh?
Yes, actually it is.
Are you going to go through
the rest of your life
never taking responsibility
for your actions?
Huh?
Yeah.
Oh really.
Sheldon, hi, we were just
talking about how sorry we are
for that interruption
during the sermon.
I should certainly hope so.
You understand that next time
it's quite a different story?
Yes sir.
How are the preparations going?
Oh, he's ready.
In fact, why don't you recite
for them the names of our Lord.
Yes, do tell.
Tell us.
Lucifer, Affamet, Beezelbub.
That's Beelzebub.
Beelzebub, Belial, Abbadon.
There are over 40 of them
you know.
You should take time
to learn them.
There are such fabulous things
in store for you.
Can I go?
We're all very excited
for the ceremony.
So am I.
Should be fun.
So, you've kept him chaste?
Oh, that problem kind of
took care of itself.
You know, I never got
into trouble
until your family
joined this church.
Yeah, and you never had
any fun either.
Did you? Did you?
Get off me.
You know, I still just
don't understand
this whole oath business.
Like, they made you lock up
your dick
while they're all getting it on.
That doesn't make any sense,
it's not fucking fair.
They're stealing the greatest
part of your youth,
the hot steamy sexual part.
Why would you agree
with something like that?
I'm not getting laid
because I'm not allowed to,
what's your excuse?
Oh, I see, I see.
So, you're scared huh?
I'm not scared.
No, no?
You've got a little case
of the vagaphobia.
I don't have vagaphobia.
Seriously though,
you've just got to,
you've got to figure
this shit out man.
Before it's too late.
Hey Dad.
Because really Neil,
what we should be doing
is tripping over each others
dicks to see
who can bag the most babes,
you know?
Fuck something.
Anything.
That kids got problems.
Yeah, and that problem
is you.
Bye Neil!
We just wanted to make sure
that both of you
were spiritually prepared
for what's going to happen.
Of course, it's a great
honour.
It will all be over very
quickly, right?
Oh, just as quick as
I can make it my dear.
I can assure you that -
That the dagger plunges into
the flesh swiftly, smoothly.
It sounds so painful.
No, no, no.
He'll feel a little pinch
but for no more than an instant.
So, no pain.
No, there will be pain.
Extreme pain.
And blood, lots
and lots of it.
I'm so sorry.
As I was saying this whole
process is not only painless
but euphoric.
I have a crazy idea.
Why don't we just sit him down
and explain everything to him,
that way he'll be prepared.
What are you going to tell
him, okay,
that his best friend is going
to have to mop him up
after the ceremony?
No. Shelly, come on.
He'll accept it.
He loves Satan.
Sheldon, I'm so sorry.
No, no, please please.
There's no reason to confuse
the little fellow.
We don't have time
for second thoughts.
If we don't perform the ritual
on the equinox of
his 18th year
Jesus Christ will return and
usher in a thousand years
of peace on Earth.
Is that what you want?
No.
I didn't think so.
So, my advice to you is to
put your misgivings aside
and focus on the positive.
[horn]
Eat some cake.
Yeah, you should be
enjoying your big night.
[horn]
Want some ice cream on that?
You should be eating like
there's no tomorrow.
It's a clown, dad.
I'm 18.
Why don't you tell us
what's wrong?
Is it a girl?
No.
Actually, yeah kind of.
Oh.
Did something happen?
I'm not going to bore you
with the details.
You're going to look me
in the eye
and you're going to answer
me truthfully,
was there
any physical contact?
No.
So, there was no intercourse?
Inter-- No.
And no oral?
Giving or receiving?
No.
What about anal?
Jesus, mom!
Answer your mother,
was there anal?
No.
Okay, look, something
happened that will ensure
I will never get laid
in my whole life.
Son, look, you know you can talk
to me about anything.
I didn't break my stupid oath,
alright.
[sigh of relief]
Okay then.
The oath isn't stupid honey,
it's the whole reason
you were born.
We were your age when I
conceived and we just,
we didn't know what to do
but Sheldon told us
that you had a special purpose.
Look, I'm sure you're
going through
some pretty depressing
teenage stuff right now.
Been there, done that, even
I had a stupid haircut once
didn't I?
But you are representing
our family and our church,
when it is all over you will
have a fuller understanding
of what it is all about.
I've got to take a leak.
Gary, we need to tell him.
You know how he hates surprises,
if we just explain it to him.
Absolutely not!
He'll cause a scene, crying
and kicking and screaming.
Do you want other people
to see that?
Look, you heard , okay,
he has suffered enough
humiliation, trust me.
We did not choose
Neil's destiny.
He did.
[thunder and lightning]
Lucifer, Baphomet, Belial,
Abbadon, Beelzebub, Belial,
Prince of Darkness,
Lucifer, Baphomet, Belial,
Abbadon, Beelzebub...
I want you to know that it
won't just be Neil
who will be rewarded
for his sacrifice.
To a new era.
Thank you.
[bell tolls]
It's almost sundown, dear.
Oh, would you kindly excuse us?
Of course.
Good evening.
Lucifer, Baphomet, Belial,
Abbadon, Beelzebub, Belial.
I am so proud of you.
Thanks.
You've been such a good son.
There he is buddy,
huh?
Man of the hour.
Listen, I heard that
after the confirmation
you get to bone any woman
you want
from within the congregation.
If it were me I'd go for Colette
and make her boyfriend
fucking watch.
Don't embarrass me.
Do I ever?
[bells ringing]
Okay everybody,
time to get started.
Are you excited?
Brothers and sisters,
we are gathered together
for an ancient ceremony.
Momentous and beautiful.
Before we begin please turn
off your cell phones
and all other electronic
devices.
[cells turning off sounds]
Eighteen years ago our Lord
chose this young man
to join him in battle
against the Great Deceiver.
His spirit will join with
the Father on this night.
We now ask young Neil
to lay his earthly vessel
upon our altar.
Handmaidens of our Lord.
Dude.
I think they're
going to fuck you
right here
in front of everyone.
[chanting] In Nomina Satanas.
In Nomina Satanas.
Now the time approaches
to release his spirit
into the arms of our father
whereupon his soul will join
our King for all eternity.
The sacrificial lamb will stand
with Lucifer in Hades.
Whoa, whoa, sacrificial lamb?
It's a metaphor.
As we tear the virgins
flesh asunder
so that the blood may spill
forth in holy offering.
[chanting] In Nomina Satanas,
In Nomina Satanas...
In Nomina Satanas,
Dude.
Satanas Rex.
Dude!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what the?
In Nomina...
What the fuck!
Satanas!
Neil! Neil!
Hey!
Neil!
After him!
Get back here!
Go, go, go!
Move, move, move!
Okay, holy shit.
Come on.
Oh fuck!!!!!!!
Come here, quickly!
Come on.
Are they there?
Where's my other shoe?
I am so sorry, Sheldon.
I mean, what can I say?
You can say nothing!
[cell phone chiming]
Get that.
Hello?
We have until sunrise
or the window will close.
If we fail his wrath
will fall on us all!
No, that won't happen.
I'll go get him he'll be back
on that altar in no time.
No! You stay right here.
Take these two with you
and fetch them back.
We need a soft touch to lure
them back.
You know what I'm talking about,
don't you Colette?
I think so.
Good girl, now go.
And remember, as always
to keep a low profile.
And you, if they don't return
consider yourself excommunicated
and you will never see
the gates of Hell!
Matt! Matt!
What the fuck are you doing,
Matt!
What the fuck, man?
You can't take that,
that's my families
Mexico money for the summer.
Oh, I'm sorry
why don't you enjoy your
lovely time in Acapulco
and don't forget to
send me a postcard
before they murder you.
Dude, look my Dad's
an asshole too, okay.
I know.
Oh fuck me.
I'm calling the cops.
What?
No, no, no, don't do that.
Don't do that.
Fuck off.
Alright, my Dad's a cop and half
the force goes to our church.
Police, please.
No, give me.
Hello?
This is the police.
Hey. It's Matt, Paul's kid.
My Dad's gone rogue.
Matt, where are you?
I'm at my friend Neil's house.
Is Neil with you?
Stay where you are, we'll
send somebody right now.
Who are you sending?
st  stay  where  you  are  Matt.
Oh shit, fuck!
We've got to go!
This sucks, alright, we could
be at Cheryl's party right now
totally enjoying the all
you can eat vagina buffet
or muffet if you will.
Wait.
This all happened because
you're a virgin right,
so we get you laid
problem solved.
Oh, I've got it.
Who are you calling?
Stop, stop, stop calling people.
Okay, what?
Denise!
A friend fuck, oh
that's brilliant.
Come on, I mean we give
her rides all the time I mean.
[dog barking in the distance]
Neil!
Matty?
You guys here?
Come on out!
[text message alert]
You're overthinking this,
man.
She's my friend, alright,
I just don't want her to feel
like she's being used.
She's not being used,
she's saving your life.
I know, she's saving
my life.
Exactly.
That's why I'm just going to
tell her the truth, alright.
Denise is super cool,
man, she'll totally get it.
No, that's sweet okay but
women don't really respond well
to the truth okay, it's
like they like mystery.
It's like your magic.
If you told them how you did
the magic
you lose the magic, right?
Ask me how big my dick is.
What?
Why would I ask you that?
Besides, I've seen it.
It looks like a toe.
Just bear with me okay,
just ask.
How big is your dick.
Well, I don't really like to
talk about it but, you know,
it's 9 and a half inches.
Okay, see, now I'll ask you,
how big is your dick?
I don't know, I've never
measured it.
Average?
Wrong! Ten inches.
Why would I lie?
If the lie works I'm going
to get caught.
It doesn't matter
that's the thing.
Okay, by the time she finds
out that it's only five inches
it's two inches deep.
Oh, okay, okay Matt you're
going to stay outside, okay.
I'm not doing this for
an audience.
Fine.
That's fine.
I wash my hands of this,
I just I'll just be out here
making phone calls.
[doorbell]
No Cheryl's, huh?
Wasn't-- Wasn't feeling it,
um, can I come in?
Yeah, sure, why not.
Are your parents home?
No.
I've been stuck on this level
for like two days.
I swear, one more day of this
and I am pillaging the internet
for cheat codes.
Dude, can you sit down,
this is pretty annoying.
Okay, okay, I really need
to talk.
I really need to talk to you
about something.
It's kind of a big deal.
Okay, talk.
Yeah.
Only Denise can be this busy!
Okay.
Hey, Amy.
It's Matt, listen.
There's some crazy shit going
down tonight
like end of the world type stuff
so Cheryl's party might
be your last chance
to get with me, alright?
Holler back.
You know how much
I respect you.
Yeah.
So much, yeah, okay.
Um, I think you're awesome.
I think you're kind of
a dork.
Uh, what I am about to ask
I can never ask anybody else.
Okay, drama queen.
I just need you to say that you
will do this one thing for me
and I promise I will never ask
you for anything ever again
as long as I live, which
might not be for long.
Lets hear it.
I need you to have sex
with me tonight.
If you don't I'm going to die.
I just, I just need to put it in
it doesn't have to be
anything special.
I don't know what the fuck
I'm going to be doing
but I don't even know the rules
I don't know I just -
What the fuck, Neil?
There's some crazy shit
going down tonight
like end of the world type stuff
so Cheryl's party might be
your last chance to get
with me so.
Holler back.
Normally I would never
think of doing anything
remotely sexual with you
but I am
really fucking desperate.
I just need you to just let me
just fuck
like just no meaning to it,
just the tip, anything
will work.
Oh, keep going lover boy
really my panties are dripping,
I swear.
[knocking]
They're here!
Holy fuck!
Oh.
Denise.
Okay, lets do it.
Really, the sheer balls of
it is impressive.
I'm not fucking
with you okay,
you know the church
my family belongs to?
It's kind of different.
Well, they just tried
to sacrifice me
because I'm a virgin.
What?
[doorbell]
I've never had sex before.
Yeah, I know what a
fucking virgin is
but what the fuck
are you talking about?
Unless I lose my virginity
tonight
they're going to sacrifice
my ass!
To Satan!
They're here! Come on!
Oh my god!
[laughs]
Denise, it's not fucking funny!
[ringing doorbell and
pounding on door]
Oh.
Listen, I need to know if
this is going to happen
or I've really got to run.
Neil, I don't know what
the fuck you're on
but you're being a real
asshole right now.
I'm going to get the door.
Oh my god, listen to me.
Oh fuck.
Yeah?
Hey, oh my god this is
so annoying
but you wouldn't happen
to have seen Neil?
No.
Well, we were all just hanging
out at the mall you know,
listening to CD's
and he just ran off.
We think he might be
losing his mind
we were just really worried so.
Well, he was babbling nonsense.
So, you saw him?
Yeah.
Do you want to maybe tell us
where he went?
Sorry, who are you guys?
Oh hi, I'm Brad and it would
be really helpful
if you could help us find him.
Alright, uh yeah, come in.
How'd they know we were here?
I don't know.
Fucked!
Oh shit, shit, shit.
These pants are too tight.
Okay.
Ow, my nuts!
Come on, come on. I've got you.
Lets go.
Go.
So, it's just down this
street here
oh but it's a one way so you
should just go around via Oak
and Cheryl's house should
just be right there.
You've been incredibly helpful,
thank you.
Yeah, how do you guys know
Neal again?
From church.
What church is that?
You've never heard of it.
We worship Satan.
Fuck.
Dude, you have nothing
to lose.
No, humiliation is worse
than death.
You've never walked into
a room where everybody
has seen you wearing jizz.
Ah, yes. I have.
I can't do it, I choose death.
No, no, no, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait okay.
Your parents almost
killing you tonight
that's the best thing that
could have happened to you.
They lit a fire under your ass
to go out there grab
life by the ears and make
sweet sweet love to his mouth.
Fuck, you're a selfish prick
you know that?
How am I selfish?
Because this is your
last chance, Neal.
If you don't go in there
and bust your hymen
then you're a dead man.
And then that's on my head
and I can't live with that
shit so fuck you.
I wouldn't want me dying to
be a source of guilt for you
or anything.
Yes!
[dance music]
¶¶¶
Aw, see, it's not so bad huh?
Uh, shit, uh lets get you
a beer this way.
Ladies, you guys know Neal
right?
Hi Neal.
Hey.
Oh, can I play one with you?
Here we go, here we go,
beer pong baby.
Neal, wait, Neal. Neal!
Hey, look everybody
it's the man himself!
Lets all do the fucking Neal!
Dude, hey.
Oh my god, that was
the worst thing
I've ever seen happen
to anybody.
You need a shot.
To hitting bottom.
Nowhere to go but up.
Nowhere.
Oh, oh that's awful.
[gags]
[knocking]
(Male voice):  Who's in there?
I think it's that
masturbating guy.
Hey  man,  you  jerking  off
in  there?
[pounding on door]
Need some rhythm bro?
[chanting]  Stroke!  Stroke!
Stroke!
Stroke, stroke, stroke!
Stroke,  stroke,  stroke!
[cheering]
What the fuck do you think
you're doing?
Whoa!!!
Behold!
The Great Master Bater.
[cheers]
And I give to you my fabulous
phallus of fun.
(Crowd):  Oooh!
[loud pop sound]
[cheering]
Thank you, thank you.
Now, I need a volunteer
for this next trick.
How about um you.
Fuck that.
We've got a bashful one,
folks.
Lets give him
some encouragement.
Kent!
(Chanting):
Kent! Kent!
Kent! Kent.
[cheering and applause]
Now, I need complete silence
for this next trick.
Touch me and you're
a dead man.
(Crowd):  Oooh!!!!!
Alright.
Pick a card, any card.
What? A stupid card trick?
Any card at all.
Now show it to the room.
Did you guys get
a good look?
Now put it back.
Alright.
Kent, is this your card?
Fuck no.
Is this his card?
No.
Oh. Check your pants.
Check my what?
Your pants.
Fuck!
What the fuck!
[applause]
Thank you.
That was, that was
pretty awesome.
Yeah, you want to see
another one?
Maybe.
¶
Oh fuck.
Just!
Like my outfit?
It's really pretty.
Thanks.
Take the back of the knee,
right,
it's surprisingly sensitive.
It can't always be about
the clitoris.
Oh hey, you go
to my church.
Oh, that's right.
It is so good to see you.
It's good to see you.
So, where's Neal?
Neal, Neal's amazing.
I know, right?
Where is he?
No, no, no, no,
I'm not telling you.
You I'm not going to tell.
Please tell me?
Please? Please?
Tell me?
You smell like cinnamon.
Okay, okay, okay I'll tell
you okay
but you're a little late because
he's already having sex.
So, what are you into?
Besides magic I like
video games,
I kind of like the retro stuff
because it's more
about the game play.
I meant like in bed.
Uh.
You want to fuck me,
don't you?
That would be super helpful.
Yeah.
I mean yes.
Ok.
Neal?
Neal, are you up here?
Are you ready?
I think so.
You feel ready.
I feel ready.
This is not what it looks
like!
Cheryl? Really?
I asked you first.
You know I just came to warn
you that these people
from your church are coming.
Oh. Can we still do this?
You're kidding, right?
Oh shit, fuck.
Do something.
That was close.
Lets go.
No, I'll stay here and buy you
some time.
Denise, it's not safe.
They're not after me okay,
we'll catch up later and
see what happens.
So, you believe me now?
Yes, I believe you're being
hunted by a Satanic cult.
Go.
Did you see Neal?
Jesus, is every girl at this
party trying to get with him?
Where is he?
Hi.
Hey.
[¶¶¶]
Matt?
Oh my god, hey!
You know, I was wondering
where all the hot guys were.
What are you doing here?
[gagging]
Matt, come on we have to go.
What?
We have to go, get up.
Wait, wait, wait, do I have puke
in my teeth?
Where's your friend?
Who?
Neal?
Uh, did you try upstairs?
Yeah.
Oh, I've just got to sit
for a sec.
Oooh!!!
Ow.
Dude!
Oh, the keys.
We've got to go man!
Alright.
I've got the key.
You're all smiling.
Hey guys, wait,
where are you going?
We're not stealing a car.
No, we're borrowing it.
[drunken laugh]
[struggling grunts]
That's it, that's it for you.
[grunts]
Oh hey, so this church is it
like any regular church or?
No, it's the exact opposite.
Oh okay, so your altar boys
molest your priests then?
I don't really know.
[crash]
Oh shit, sorry.
[alarm wailing]
There.
You'd better drive, you've
got to be responsible here.
[car horn]
Ahhhh!!!!!!!
We're not going to hurt you!
Go! Go!
Get out of the goddamn car!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Come on!
Get the truck.
Put her in the car!
[squeals]
How the fuck did they
find us?
I'll tell you how, your friend
without benefits sold us out.
Denise?
No fucking way man,
she helped us escape dude.
Aw, barely.
You don't know what you're
talking about,
how about your dad?
The cop?
I bet you 50 bucks he's got some
kind of tracking chip implanted
into your nut sack.
Listen, there are Satanists
all over this town.
It could be anyone, okay?
It could be you know
the fucking taxi drivers,
waitresses, cops, hobos,
fucking baristas,
dog groomers, fucking vegans,
fucking hipsters man.
You're right, you're right,
we've got to keep
our eyes peeled.
Bottom line, the only people we
can trust are each other, okay?
Wait, what if you just lied.
How would they know?
They will know, my mom is
a bloodhound for bullshit.
What self respecting teenager
doesn't know how to lie
to his own mother?
She can smell it on my breath.
Oh fuck, oh fuck, fuck.
[car horn wailing]
What?
Fuck!
What's wrong?
We're out of gas.
Maybe the Satanists will be
too scared to follow us here.
It's one of those
pre-paid deals.
I got it.
Hi, fifty bucks on pump two.
(Sheldon): Let the scales fall
from your eyes
for  God  is  the  deceiver
and  Satan  is  the  salvation.
il's mom): Sheldon  told  us
t  you had  a  special  purpose.
What?
I'm going to pay for it.
Yo dude, what the fuck
is all that?
Provisions, in case we have
to go into hiding.
Yeah, hiding, about that.
I've been thinking hiding
might not be the best idea,
I mean.
Okay, come on,
get in the car.
No, no, no this might sound
a little fucked up
but if any of this shit is real
then getting me laid might
actually save the world.
Get in the car,
come on.
What? I'm kind of serious.
I know you're serious,
that's why this is
so fucking insane man.
That's like delusions
of grandeur much?
They tried to kill me.
If this shit is real nobody
is safe, you get that right?
Dude, there is no Hell.
There's no Satan
or any of that shit.
I mean, your parents, my
parents, Sheldon, Mary,
they're all just brainwashed
lunatics dude.
The sooner you realize that
the freer you'll be,
come on dude look at me.
I'm just living in the moment
having a fucking blast
enjoying not one but
two flavours of beef jerky.
It's no big deal because I
know at the end of the day
the only asshole who
is judging me is me.
You know why I'm here,
right?
Because I'm your only friend.
Yes, that and because
I want to be there
for the first moment that your
dick tastes vaginal glory.
You want to watch me have
sex?
No, no dude.
I just want to see you be happy.
Come on, man.
Be happy?
You just want to live
vicariously through me
because you're not.
Not what?
Nothing.
Never mind, I didn't say that.
Oh.
Because I'm not cool enough
for you?
Because I'm just your tag-a-long
friend, right?
And now all of a sudden that
you're Mr. Popular
you can't hang out
with a loser like me?
Did I say that?
Oh please, Neal.
Be my friend.
Here, take my jerky.
How much for a sleepover.
You want to hang out now?
Huh?
Take everything.
Stop.
Everything I have.
Stop. Stop.
Whoa.
What?
I can't believe I'm even
suggesting this.
What?
Prostitutes.
Prostitutes!
Fuck yeah.
Fuck yeah man.
Alright.
Keep looking.
It does not look good
I'm afraid.
He'll show up Sheldon,
trust me.
You don't have to fear me,
Gary.
I'm on your side.
But you need to fear,
what we all need to fear,
is our Lord below.
I'm merely an instrument
of his wrath.
What Sheldon is trying
to say is that -
Yes, Mary.
Explain to them what
I'm trying to say.
What Sheldon is trying to say
is that if Neal doesn't show up
we're going to need to find some
kind of replacement offering.
Thank you for clarifying
my dear.
Oh.
Oh, this is sad.
We should be helping these women
not exploiting them.
Hey, hey, hey, this was
this was your idea.
I know I just thought it
would be less tragic somehow.
Stop, stop, stop, stop,
stop.
Hey, you looking to make
some real cash money
and get serviced by a couple of
barely legal studs?
Both of you looking?
No.
Yes, yes.
How much?
That depends on what
you want.
Uh, I just really need to lose
my virginity tonight so.
Yeah, I can help you out.
But not here.
Meet me there and ask
for Ashley.
Oh.
Is this it?
Yeah, yeah.
Can I help you?
[whispers] Is this the house of
ill repute?
You don't have to whisper.
Oh, oh okay.
I'd like one prostitute please.
Alright.
What were you looking
for exactly?
I'd like a good personality,
I'd like a cute laugh,
and boobs.
They all have boobs.
We'll take Ashley.
Great.
Yeah.
Go with that.
Great.
Have a seat.
The things have got red eyes.
You come with me.
You sit tight.
Oh.
No, no, no, no.
See, the thing like.
Do you want to do this?
Yes.
Please.
Yes, please.
Then he goes first.
Well.
Whoa, ah.
Wait, Ashley.
Uh, baby.
Look, I cannot wait to get
with you
and I'm so flattered that
you feel the same way
but he really should go first.
Yeah.
I really need to go first.
Matt?
Come on.
Matt? Matt? Matt?
I don't know, man.
So, what's your deal?
Well, I'm thinking I'd like
to start off with a hand job
and then you know work
my way up to a blow job
and then finish off with
a vagina job?
Okay.
Yeah?
Uh, cool.
And the same exact same
goes for my friend out there.
I really can't stress enough
how important it is
that he gets a proper
vagina job.
Well, how much money
do you got?
Yes, currency.
[squeaky bed sounds]
So, how did you get
into prostituting?
So, I mean you must have
some wild stories.
Not really.
No?
You, I mean meet any crazy
characters at least or?
I guess.
What's the weirdest thing
that anyone's ever
asked you to do?
This one guy pays me to poop
on his dog.
Oh.
What kind of dog?
I don't know, a brown one.
Can I see your boobs
at least?
Shhhh!!!!!!!
[squeaky bed sounds]
[cell phone beeps]
What if I told you this
is my first time?
Please don't cry.
I'm done, I'm done,
I'm done.
Good.
[heavy breathing]
Wooo-hooooo!!!!!!!!!
And?
So, what happened?
Talk to me buddy.
Oh man, was it awesome.
Uh, I just, I mean not only
was the sex amazing
but...but you know I think that
the best part was
that Ashley and I really
connected you know.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
So, where is she?
Ashley?
Oh, uh, poor thing is exhausted.
You know I really gave it to
her in there but don't worry
you know I'm sure she's got
another one in her
just don't be mad at me if
she still has Matt on the mind.
I'm going to have sex.
You're going to have sex.
And I'm not going to die.
You're not going to die,
go in there do it.
You're ready.
I'm ready, man.
Have a great time.
I am a fucking pussy.
Ashley...
Hey, it's my turn.
You just sit there, okay.
Hey, where are you going?
I'll be right back.
Matt!
Hey Neal, we just need to talk
to you for a minute.
Everything is okay,
everything is okay
we just need to talk to you
for just a second.
This is a raid!
Everybody out!
Neal, Neal, Neal.
Open up, it's the police!
[screams and chaos]
Colette, you seen them?
Go, go, go!
Hey, get back here!
Rod, it's not Neal!
Greg!
Neal!
Get the fuck back here!
Greg!
Greg get back here!
Get the fuck back here!
Oh, you goddamn idiot.
Rod, he stole the car!
What?
Greg, come on!
Shit!
Well, I have to hand it
to you.
It's pretty brave of you
to come back for me.
What happened to you?
Just tried to keep them busy.
Tried to buy you some time,
I did get pretty friendly
with Brad.
Denise, he's the enemy.
For fucks sake, Neal.
I'm joking.
You're never going to get it
are you?
Get what?
That I like you, you moron.
I like you too but you don't
have to be a bitch about it.
No, Neal.
Fuck, I like like you.
Like like.
What? Why?
I don't know, because you're
like the coolest person
I've ever met?
I'm not cool Denise, I don't
even know how to be cool.
Exactly, Neal.
Oh wow.
Awesome, does that mean
we get to have sex now?
No.
Make love.
Okay, you really have to do
better than that.
You smell nice.
No, Neal.
Jesus, what do you want me
to say?
That I like you but I've
always liked you but I thought.
I knew it, you're a fucking
chicken.
Fuck.
Okay.
Lets just go back in time,
pretend I had the guts to ask
you out on a real date.
A date.
Okay, where are we going?
It's a surprise
but you say yes,
I pick you up at your house
with one perfect red rose
and I'm really nervous
because this is the night
I'm going to tell you everything
and you're really nervous too
because you know what's coming.
Alright, tell me more.
We start with something fun
like go-carting
and after we walk down to
that fancy vegan restaurant.
Nice touch.
After dinner we walk by
the beach
and I gather every
bit of courage I have
and tell you what I've always
needed to.
What do you say?
That I've liked you since I
was old enough to like girls
but I was terrified that if
I made a move on you
I would ruin it and screw it up
and you would never
talk to me again.
Oh boy.
Hold on.
Oh.
Are you fucking kidding me,
Neal?
Ohhhh!!!!!!
Neal, are you fucking kidding
me?
Oh, fuck me.
Sorry.
Oh my god.
Neal.
Come on.
I'm sorry, I'm just
really sorry.
It's a mess.
Denise, I really...
What the?
Dude.
Was there penetration?
A bunch.
Really, so tell me what
it felt like.
Like a fucking.
Put a sock on a foot man
and it fits just right.
He's still a virgin.
Lets go, lets go.
Lets go.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
Call me tomorrow.
I will.
Did you, did you get it in?
Did you get it in her?
So? What happened?
Are you going to say
anything?
Are you going to tell me
what happened?
Alright, what happened.
Okay.
I told Denise I liked her,
she said she liked me back
which was great
and then I came all over
her fucking leg.
Happy?
That's awesome dude, shit if
you would have told her sooner
you could have been breaking
your oath all over the place.
We wouldn't even be here.
Oh, so this is my fault now
Matt?
What?
No.
No, no, no, no.
I'm just saying.
Oh, you're just saying.
Good, okay good you're
just saying.
Ah, okay well what I'm saying
is that you've made this whole
night about you.
I was the one who was supposed
to get laid tonight,
you got in line and
you were the one who had sex.
Yeah, I had sex with a dirty
hoe okay,
what you have with Denise
that's special,
that's that's nice.
Fuck you, man.
Fuck me?
It's too late, there's no
more me and Denise, dude.
I'm not going to school again,
dude,
I'm dead like fucking dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
You're not dead yet okay,
you still-- we can still
get out of here
and don't blame me for this.
How am I going to get out,
my hands are fucking tied.
My hands are tied!
My hands are tied too.
Did you just kick me?
Did you just fucking
kick me?
Yeah I fucking kicked you.
What are you doing, man?
You fucking kicked me first.
When you kicked me
it fucking hurt.
Hey, shut the fuck up back
there.
No, you shut the fuck up
man.
Fuck you, man.
Fuck.
[struggling grunts]
Want to fucking go?
Don't even.
Ah, there you are.
You are more trouble
than you're worth.
And you have kept us waiting.
Well, I've got to hand it
to you Neal,
you continually find new ways
to humiliate your family.
I'm the embarrassment,
really Dad, me?
I'm the embarrassment?
Yeah, that's right buster.
This stupid religion has
fucked with your heads so bad
you're actually willing
to sacrifice
your own flesh and blood
for some red guy
with a tail.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
that's where you go easy.
You worship a fucking
Halloween costume.
Yeah.
Shut up.
You dragged Mom down
with you, look at her,
does she look okay to you?
I'm not the embarrassment.
How very sweet.
I wish we had more time for
such touching family reunions
but alas we do not.
Get them ready.
Everything is going to be
okay now.
[goat sounds]
Real nice, real fucking nice.
Your own son?
You're gutless.
Neal.
Come on, Neal.
Don't talk to me.
I cried.
What?
What are you saying?
What do you mean you cried?
What are you talking about?
I lost my virginity to a
prostitute tonight and I cried.
[goat sounds]
Yeah, alright.
I don't know what happened
man, I just lost it.
I mean, I had it
but then I don't know
something just snapped
and I just.
Well, at least you didn't come
on her leg.
Right on the leg?
The leg, the seat.
It's fucking embarrassing.
Come here man, come here.
I'm sorry dude,
I'm sorry man.
Come here, come here man.
I'm sorry man, this whole night
has been so fucked up dude.
No, no, no.
This is nice.
I needed this.
Well, this is it buddy.
Wait, there still might be
a way out of this.
No, there isn't.
No, no, no, stop.
Just stop being so at peace
with everything okay
just listen to me here,
hear me out okay
I'm not going to give up on you.
When does a guys virginity
really end, right?
It's when he penetrates
something with his erect penis.
Right.
Who says it has to be
a vagina.
[goat sounds]
Oh god no.
No, no, no, I'm telling you dude
if it's going to save your life
you've got to do me.
I can't, I can't.
You have to.
Are you saying that you couldn't
fuck your best friend
to save your own life?
Is that what you're saying?
I'm just not sure the equipment
would work.
Be totally mean right now okay,
just, I'm at least an 8.
Even if you were a 10.
I'm just saying how hard
could it be?
Give me a sec.
Okay, yeah, just think.
Okay, I'll try.
What?
I mean, really?
Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
I mean, I want to live right.
Yeah, I want you
to live man.
Whoa, whoa, what are
you doing?
What was that?
Sorry, I thought maybe.
No extras man,
no time.
No time for extras.
Lets just, we've just got
to go.
How do we start?
Uh, uh, come here.
Just, just alright, you know.
Oh fuck, oh my god.
You're my best friend, man,
you're my best friend.
Best friend.
So, what are we going
to do with her?
You stay here and watch her.
But no, I want to watch
the sacrifice you said that.
That's enough Bradley.
Oh my god.
She talks to you
like you're a child.
I am not allowed to talk
to you anymore.
Come on Brad.
You're this smart, sexy guy
and with your arms
and abs, this chest
I mean girls must be hitting
on you all the time.
It is hard to find single women
in this church.
Well, as a single woman how
would I go about becoming
part of the church?
You've got to renounce God,
get a tattoo,
take a whiz on a bible.
It's a whole thing.
You know, if you really want
to go out there
you should just go.
Yeah, I know I just can't
because I have to stay here
and babysit you.
I think I'll be fine.
What's going on back there?
I'm not hard.
Well, I'm sorry I'm not going
to blow you dude.
I didn't ask you to blow me,
Matt.
I know, it's just just get
it in you know.
Oh god.
Oh shit, we were just,
hi, hi Dad.
Alright, break it up.
It's time.
Hey, there's no judgement.
I fucked a lady prostitute.
A lady prostitute
and she was hot.
Few hours ago, real hot.
Like, you want to get to him
you got to go through me.
Oh, alright.
Whoa, Neal.
It's all good, man.
Neal. Neal.
I'm right here man,
I'm right beside you.
In Nomina Satanas,
[chanting]  In Nomina Satanas...
Satanas Rex.
(All): Satanas Rex.
I invoke his power
by these names.
Belial, Baphomet,
Beelzebub, Lucifer,
Awful Monster.
Skip the names.
What are you talking about?
We can't skip the names.
It's almost sunrise.
I know what time it is,
I've got a bloody watch
you know.
Then you know it's time
to get on with it.
If you can do better
why don't you do it then,
go on take the knife.
No, no, no.
Take the book, take my robe,
I'm so sorry for
this interruption.
No one cares about the names
for fuck sake.
Alright, alright.
In Nomina Satanas...
Lord, we offer this virgin
flesh unto you
that you may draw strength
from the blood of innocence.
For the glory of your kingdom.
I'm sorry, Neal.
[Continued Chanting]
In Nomina Sat--
[sniffs]
Hells own inferno has come!
I see his face
in the flames!
In Nomina Satanas.
Gary!
Ow, ow, Satan burned
my hand!
No, the curtains are
on fire.
Ow my hand,
it's fucking hot!
[screams]
Children!
Back, back!
Back!
No!
Yeah!
Aw, I love you man!
Alright, is this your card?
No.
Do I check my bra now?
Well, I could check for you.
What?
Oh my god, that's amazing.
It will make you an all powerful
video game god.
I've been looking for this
online for like months.
How did you find it?
One of my birthday party
clients hooked it up,
I did an extra hour
for his 5 year old.
Aw, awesome.
Yeah, magic.
You missed a wonderful service.
We're good, mom.
Honey, just remember
Jesus loves you.
He died for your sins.
Give me the keys.
I'm going to drive.
Matt?
Guys, oh Shelly
looking beautiful as always.
Oh, you're so sweet Matt.
Maybe going to grab
some vegan,
hit the go-cart track.
Cool, cool.
I mean, I'd tell you
to come along.
No, no, no, no.
I'm fine, I've got my Bible
study,
catch you guys later.
Alright.
Is that all you ate?
You had one crepe,
you're ridiculous.
Ridiculous.
Could you put on that
Christian rock station?
Sure.
¶